	The purpose of this project was to create an animation that had the following entities: UFOs, Clouds and Suns. Each of those entitites would have sub-hierachies that would add something extra into the animation. We animated, suns, clouds, and UFOs across the screen. This animation will loop forever.

	Sydney was responsible for the sun class. The sun class is used to draw out a sun with a central orb and rays around it. It is customizable in starting position, starting radius, minimum radius, maximum radius, grow speed, translation speed, rotation speed, central color, and the ray color. The sun object moves horizontally across the screen, looping around once it encounters the edge of the screen. It also grows the object until the maximum radius is hit, at which point it shrinks the object until the minimum radius is hit. Finally, the rays rotate around the orb in a pinwheel motion, following it as the shape moves and grows/shrinks.

	Christina was responsible for the clouds and rain class. The Clouds class is used to draw out three circles that connect to make it look like clouds. The class has a customizable, location, radius displacement, radius, translation speed, grow and shrink speed, and color. The clouds move horizontal across the screen and grows and shrinks depending on the value of the radius displacement and the speed. Once the cloud hits the edge of the screen, the cloud resets and goes across the screen again. Also, in the rain class, the raindrops has the same variables and moves across the scene with the clouds and resets when the raindrops touch the ground.

	Abdon was resposible for creating the Ground class. The ground class was used to draw the ground in the animation and to clear the canvas for every frame. The ground class has the ability for the user to change where the ground will be drawn (before the animation is ran). The ground class has the ability for the user to change the color of the ground (before the animation is ran). 

	Abdon was also resposible for creating UFO class. The UFO class was used to draw out the UFOs and the light beam (displayed underneath). The UFO and it's light beam will be drawn out about a center point (starting coordinates) and the center point will be changing through out the animation. The light beam will grow and shrink as the UFOs move horizontally and vertically. 

	The UFO class has the following customizables: starting location (x, y, z), speed in the x and y direction, color (an array that holds 3 colors), and an inputted instance of the ground class. The UFOs will move horizontally (from left to right) until it reaches the z coordinate. Once the z coordinate has been reached, the UFOs will travel downward until the UFO's center point reaches the ground (this will vary depending on what ground class instance was passed in). For example, if the inputted ground is high, then the UFOs will not travel downward that much. Then they will start to move upwards until the center point reaches the y coordinate. Then the UFOs will keep moving horizontally until they have reached the end of the screen. Once the UFO's center point have reached the end of the screen then the UFOs will start once again from their starting positions when the animiation was first started.


What each group member completed:
Sydney: Sun.pde, README.txt, assignment4_description.txt
Christina: Clouds.pde, Rain.pde, README.txt, assignment4_description.txt
Abdon: Ground.pde, UFO.pde, README.txt, assignment4_description.txt

